Dont change old ids in format (#2040)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed an issue in the **format** command where the `id` field was updated in old json files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in the **format** command where the `id` field was overwritten for existing JSON files.
```
